docs: misc fixes (#1266)
firebase/genkit: docs/migrating-from-0.5.md

Some changes have been made to the `genkit start` command:

Starts your Genkit application code + Dev UI together:

```posix-terminal
genkit start -- [start command]

genkit start -- tsx src/index.ts

genkit start -- go run main.go
```

Watch mode is supported as well:

```posix-terminal
genkit start -- tsx --watch src/index.ts
```

> Starts your Genkit application code ONLY:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starts ONLY your application code in Genkit dev mode:
```

```posix-terminal
genkit start --noui -- <start command>

genkit start --noui -- tsx src/index.ts
```
Starts the Dev UI ONLY:

```posix-terminal
genkit start
```

> Previously, the `genkit start` command would start the Dev UI and Flow Server together. If you have any CI/CD pipelines relying on this command, you may need to update the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the `genkit start` command would start the Dev UI and your application code together. If you have any CI/CD pipelines relying on this command, you may need to update the pipeline.
```
